Added fields to enhance mapping and filtering possibilities (#12)
stac-extensions/forecast: README.md

| forecast:reference_datetime  | string | **REQUIRED.** The *reference* datetime: i.e. predictions for times after this point occur in the future. Predictions prior to this time represent 'hindcasts', predicting states that have already occurred. This must be in UTC. It is formatted according to [RFC 3339, section 5.6](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.6). |
| forecast:horizon             | string | The time between the reference datetime and the forecast datetime. Formatted as [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations), e.g. `PT6H` for a 6-hour forecast. |
| forecast:duration            | string | If the forecast is not only for a specific instance in time but instead is for a certain period, you can specify the length here. Formatted as [ISO 8601 duration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations), e.g. `PT3H` for a 3-hour accumulation. If not given, assumes that the forecast is for an instance in time as if this was set to `PT0S` (0 seconds). |

> | forecast:param               | string | Name of the model parameter that corresponds to the data, e.g. `T` (temperature), `P` (pressure), `U`/`V`/`W` (windspeed in three directions). |

Reviewer: I'm wondering how this relates to https://github.com/stac-extensions/cf ?
Seems very similar. If it's the same or very similar, I'd hope we can align to have only one way of expressing this.

> | forecast:param               | string | Name of the model parameter that corresponds to the data, e.g. `T` (temperature), `P` (pressure), `U`/`V`/`W` (windspeed in three directions). |

Reviewer: It might be worth it to collection potential parameters in a table and make it a recommended best practice to use certain values for them. The more we can unify this, the more helpful this will be in the long-term. If there are conventions (e.g. in CF or so), we should reuse them.

Reviewer: Result from the discussion with @boecklic:

- Rename to parmeter
- Recommand usage of https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-standard-names/current/build/cf-standard-name-table.html
- Keep as string

Reviewer: Suggestion: 

```suggestion
| forecast:parameter           | string | Name of the model parameter that corresponds to the data. The parameters should correspond to the [CF Standard Names](https://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-standard-names/current/build/cf-standard-name-table.html), e.g. `air_temperature` for the air temperature. |
```

Also, we can add below:

> `forecast:parameter` is primarily intended for search and as such can only be set to a single value, either on the Asset level or on the Item property level. If this field is insufficient for your usecase, please use the more advanced [CF extension](https://github.com/stac-extensions/cf?) instead.

> | forecast:param               | string | Name of the model parameter that corresponds to the data, e.g. `T` (temperature), `P` (pressure), `U`/`V`/`W` (windspeed in three directions).  **TODO: should this be either string or list of strings to allow for situations where several parameters are combined in a file?**|

Reviewer 2: I wonder why we didn't have a variable name before. Probably it was mostly theoretical and no practical usecase yet

Reviewer: I assume some implementations used the datacube extension to express variables.

Reviewer: ... and some probably just created https://github.com/stac-extensions/cf for the same usecase.

> | forecast:mode                | string | Denotes whether the data corresponds to the control run or perturbed runs. Allowed values are `ctrl` or `perturb`. |

Reviewer: Is that common practice to use these short terms? Otherwise it might be a bit more intuitive to use `control` and `preturbed`?!

Reviewer: Check for naming conventions, otherwise looks good.

Reviewer: I just saw that ECMWF also names control as "unperturbed".

> The Ensemble Prediction System (EPS) runs 50 different perturbed forecasts with perturbed initial conditions and a control (unperturbed) forecast with a forecast range of 15 days.

See https://www.ecmwf.int/en/forecasts/dataset/operational-archive

So I'm just wondering whether we should actually use a boolean:

```suggestion
| forecast:preturbed           | boolean | Denotes whether the data corresponds to the control run (`false`) or perturbed runs (`true`). The property needs to be specified in both cases as no default value is specified and as such the meaning is "unknown" in case it's missing. |
```

> | forecast:member              | integer | Specifies the member (sample number) of perturbed runs, e.g. `1`. |

Reviewer: Result from the discussion with @boecklic:

Move to separate PR.
Only applies if preturbed is true, implies 0 for pretured = false. That means minimum is 1.

Reviewer: Moved to #13

> | forecast:level               | integer | Index of the vertical level of the height coordinate system used in the forecast model, e.g. `4`. |

Reviewer: Do we know which height coordinate system is used? Otherwise, this value seems pretty ambiguous.

Reviewer: Result from the discussion with @boecklic:

Move to separate PR.

Either add a property to set the CRS or add a link relation type that points to documentation that defines these levels.

Reviewer: Moved to #13

> | forecast:sample_nr           | integer | Specifies the sample number of perturbed runs, e.g. `1`. **TODO: this could be omitted for the moment and added when there's a concrete use case** |

Reviewer 2: What about "member"? Or realization as in the netcdf conventions https://cfconventions.org/cf-conventions/cf-conventions.html?utm_source=perplexity

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to follow existing conventions such as CF, indeed.

Author: @aaronspring @m-mohr thanks for the review and the suggestion. I'll rename the attribute to `forecast:member`.

> | forecast:level               | integer | Index of the vertical level of the height coordinate system used in the forecast model, e.g. `4`. **TODO: this could be omitted for the moment**|

Reviewer 2: So we require level to be filled or would this be optional?

Reviewer: According to the description this would be optional right now.

Author: @m-mohr @aaronspring we propose to have it optional. We'll not need it at the moment (all vertical levels will be in one file), but think that it might be useful later to e.g. have the ground level in a separate file.
